Added the "allow_reversing" parameter to the RPP! (#186)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: configuration/packages/configuring-regulated-pp.rst

  ============== =============================

  Description
    Whether to enable rotating to rough heading and goal orientation when using holonomic planners. Recommended on for all robot types that can rotate in place. 

>     **Attention:** Remember that both ``use_rotate_to_heading`` and ``allow_reversing`` cannot be set to ``true``at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note: both ``use_rotate_to_heading`` and ``allow_reversing`` cannot be set to ``true`` at the same time as it would result in ambiguous situations.
```

:allow_reversing:

  ============== =============================
  Type           Default                                               
  -------------- -----------------------------
  bool           false            
  ============== =============================

  Description
    Enables the robot to drive in the reverse direction, when the path planned involves reversing (which is represented by orientation cusps). 

>     **Attention:** Remember that both ``use_rotate_to_heading`` and ``allow_reversing`` cannot be set to ``true`` at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note: both ``use_rotate_to_heading`` and ``allow_reversing`` cannot be set to ``true`` at the same time as it would result in ambiguous situations.
```

  Description
    Whether to enable rotating to rough heading and goal orientation when using holonomic planners. Recommended on for all robot types that can rotate in place.

:allow_reversing:

  ============== =============================
  Type           Default                                               
  -------------- -----------------------------
  bool           false            
  ============== =============================

  Description

>     Enable the robot to drive in the reverse direction, by setting this parameter to ``true``. Remember that both ``use_rotate_to_heading`` and ``allow_reversing`` cannot be set to ``true`` at the same time.

Reviewer: Please add that warning to the use rotate to heading param too. Also explain that it lets the robot drive in reverse direction when the path planned involves reversing (which is represented by orientation cusps)
